The things you've been learning in past courses and lessons are
really starting to come together in an exercise like this one,
you can now automate the creation of infrastructure.
That's exciting, take a look at my code below and see how close yours was to mine.
Notice what things you did and I did differently.
Did you miss anything?
Maybe go back and try a few things.
Oh, and don't forget to clean up your EC2 instances to avoid those charges from AWS.
Some things that might be interesting to point out are that we're using
this docker instance that has AWS CLI already installed for us.
Then of course we're just checking out the code and running
our CloudFormation command to lift up that stack.
There's really not much to it,
we're really just wrapping our CloudFormation command in a job.